SAAS:Google Apps, Dropbox, Salesforce, Cisco WebEx, Concur, GoToMeeting.
PAAS: AWS Elastic Beanstalk, Windows Azure, Heroku, Force.com, Google App Engine, Apache Stratos, OpenShift.
IAAS: DigitalOcean, Linode, Rackspace, Amazon Web Services (AWS), Cisco Metapod, Microsoft Azure, Google Compute Engine (GCE).

IaaS: Infrastructure as a Service
Cloud infrastructure services, known as Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), are made of highly scalable and automated compute resources.
IaaS is fully self-service for accessing and monitoring things like compute, networking, storage, and other services, 
and it allows businesses to purchase resources on-demand and as-needed instead of having to buy hardware outright.

PAAS: PLATFORM AS A SERVICE
Cloud platform services, or Platform as a Service (PaaS), are used for applications, and other development,
while providing cloud components to software. What developers gain with PaaS is a framework they can build upon to develop or 
customize applications. PaaS makes the development, testing, and deployment of applications quick, simple, and cost-effective. 
With this technology, enterprise operations, or a third-party provider, can manage OSes, virtualization, servers, storage, 
networking, and the PaaS software itself. Developers, however, manage the applications.

Enterprise PaaS provides line-of-business software developers a self-service portal for managing computing infrastructure from centralized 
IT operations and the platforms that are installed on top of the hardware. The enterprise PaaS can be delivered through a hybrid model 
that uses both public IaaS and on-premise infrastructure or as a pure private PaaS that only uses the latter.

Similar to the way in which you might create macros in Excel, PaaS allows you to create applications using software components 
that are built into the PaaS (middleware). Applications using PaaS inherit cloud characteristic such as scalability, high-availability,
multi-tenancy, SaaS enablement, and more. Enterprises benefit from PaaS because it reduces the amount of coding necessary, 
automates business policy, and helps migrate apps to hybrid model. For the needs of enterprises and other organizations, 
Apprenda is one provider of a private cloud PaaS for .NET and Java.


SAAS: SOFTWARE AS A SERVICE
Cloud application services, or Software as a Service (SaaS), represent the largest cloud market and are still growing quickly. 
SaaS uses the web to deliver applications that are managed by a third-party vendor and whose interface is accessed on the clients’ side. 
Most SaaS applications can be run directly from a web browser without any downloads or installations required,
although some require plugins.

Because of the web delivery model, SaaS eliminates the need to install and run applications on individual computers. 
With SaaS, it’s easy for enterprises to streamline their maintenance and support, 
because everything can be managed by vendors: applications, runtime, data, middleware,
OSes, virtualization, servers, storage and networking.

Popular SaaS offering types include email and collaboration, customer relationship management,
and healthcare-related applications. Some large enterprises that are not traditionally thought of as software vendors
have started building SaaS as an additional source of revenue in order to gain a competitive advantage.
