Security and Compliance is a shared responsibility between AWS and the customer. This shared model can help relieve 
customer’s operational burden as AWS operates, manages and controls the components from the host operating system 
and virtualization layer down to the physical security of the facilities in which the service operates. 
The customer assumes responsibility and management of the guest operating system (including updates and security patches),
other associated application software as well as the configuration of the AWS provided security group firewall. 
Customers should carefully consider the services they choose as their responsibilities vary depending on the services used, 
the integration of those services into their IT environment, and applicable laws and regulations. 
The nature of this shared responsibility also provides the flexibility and customer control that permits the deployment.



AWS responsibility “Security of the Cloud” - AWS is responsible for protecting the infrastructure that runs all of the services 
offered in the AWS Cloud. This infrastructure is composed of the hardware, software, networking, and facilities 
that run AWS Cloud services.

Customer responsibility “Security in the Cloud” – Customer responsibility will be determined by the AWS Cloud services that 
a customer selects. This determines the amount of configuration work the customer must perform as part of their security responsibilities. 
For example, services such as Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2), Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC), and 
Amazon S3 are categorized as Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) and, as such, require the customer to perform all of the necessary security.
configuration and management tasks. If a customer deploys an Amazon EC2 instance, they are responsible for management of the guest 
operating system including updates and security patches), any application software or utilities installed by the customer on the instances,
and the configuration of the AWS-provided firewall (called a security group) on each instance.

Inherited Controls – Controls which a customer fully inherits from AWS.

Physical and Environmental controls

Shared Controls – Controls which apply to both the infrastructure layer and customer layers, but in completely separate contexts 
or perspectives. In a shared control, AWS provides the requirements for the infrastructure and the customer must provide their 
own control implementation within their use of AWS services. Examples include:

Patch Management – AWS is responsible for patching and fixing flaws within the infrastructure, but customers are responsible for 
patching their guest OS and applications.
Configuration Management – AWS maintains the configuration of its infrastructure devices, but a customer is responsible for 
configuring their own guest operating systems, databases, and applications.
Awareness & Training - AWS trains AWS employees, but a customer must train their own employees.

Customer Specific – Controls which are solely the responsibility of the customer based on the application they are 
deploying within AWS services. Examples include: Service and Communications Protection or Zone Security which may require 
a customer to route or zone data within specific security environments.
